Fix a duplicated object name (#43167)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/dommatrix/frommatrix_static/index.md

### Parameters

- `other` {{optional_inline}}

>   - : A {{domxref("DOMMatrix")}}, {{domxref("DOMMatrixReadOnly")}}, or an object with the same properties. All properties default to `0`. The properties are:

Reviewer: Looks plausible to me. I'd maybe say something like

```suggestion
  - : A {{domxref("DOMMatrix")}} or {{domxref("DOMMatrixReadOnly")}} object instance, or another object with the same properties. All properties default to `0`. The properties are:
```
